# less-clicks-more-recruiting
Github was not made for recruiters to recruit. I'm often looking for  signals that indicate potentially good candidates, like forks and followers and stars, yada yada.  That means I have to do a boolean search and then click each profile individually just to find  a person's email, website, or linkedin, etc. I hate clicking things. I have to click buttons more than I'd like. I just want to run something and have all the info infront of me without all the unnecessary clicking. I'm calling the Github API and using python and dash to just generate the list i need on my screen. It's ugly looking but at least I don't have to click.

Note: if you decide you want to run this, be mindful of your clicks. While I figure out how to run this on my own server you will time out Tipsy's requests.
Shout out to: Tipsy for his profile summary creation. His profile summary project makes it easy for recruiters to understand what the heck they are looking at. Give him some stars or follows here: https://github.com/tipsy/profile-summary-for-github

Currently: Working on taking an existing open source profile summary project by Tipsy to integrate it into my existing app. The Profile Summary reader is great, however it is on it's own window and only allows you to get a summary at an individual user level and you have to type their name one by one, which means you are clicking between windows/tabs and copy and pasting alot to get through a list of users. I'd like to take my generated list of candidates from this current app and put it in tabular form that is interactive. I plan on embedding tipsy's iframe into the existing generated list page I created and have a callback so that when i click on the user (or hover ideally) their information will auto generate on the iframe on the same window.
